Document project structure in README.md (#12)
ners/riscv-hs: README.md

  - follow instructions on https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes#Enable_flakes
- (Optional) install [`direnv`](https://direnv.net)

# Project structure
- The structure of the project is dictated by the tools we are using, namely Nix and Cabal. This repository is both a Nix flake and a Cabal package and as such contains the following folders/files:
  - [`app/`](/app): Contains Haskell source for an executable that can be built and run by `cabal run`. It does not do anything meaningful at the moment.
  - [`src/`](/src): Haskell library folder, each file inside is a Haskell module providing functions-
  - [`test/`](/test) : Contains Haskell source for an executable that is built and run by `cabal test`, used to test the functions defined in `src/`.
  - [`CHANGELOG.md`](CHANGELOG.md): This file will only become relevant in case of a release.

>   - [`flake.nix`](flake.nix): This is a [Nix flake](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) providing dependencies for the project, namely GHC and Cabal, for Linux and MacOS/Darwin on x86_64.

Reviewer: I wouldn't bake the supported platforms into the readme. At the moment we specify those two, but in the future we'll probably also add support for ARM and, of course, RISC-V. :)

Author: Ok, I guess we can just remove it or add `for now` at the end. Are there conventions on when/how often to update a readme?

>   - [`flake.lock`](flake.lock): File automatically created by Nix that does not need to be touched.

Reviewer: While it's true this file does not need to be touched, it'd be nice to say what purpose it serves, and link to some documentation, just like you have for Cabal.

Author: Like this?
```Markdown
  - [`flake.lock`](flake.lock): File specifying the exact versions of dependencies, created by the [`nix flake lock`](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix3-flake-lock.html) command.
```

  - [`LICENSE`](LICENSE): The Apache 2.0 license.
  - [`riscvs-hs.cabal`](riscvs-hs.cabal): Cabal [package description](https://cabal.readthedocs.io/en/3.4/cabal-package.html).

>   - [`shell.nix`](shell.nix): For compatibility with non-flake-enabled Nix versions.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning an example of this: VSCode's nix-environment-selector plugin. Lots of people use vscode, so it'd be nice to help them connect it with Nix.

Author: Thanks for the idea.
```Markdown
  - [`shell.nix`](shell.nix): For compatibility with non-flake-enabled Nix versions and tools requiring .nix files, such as the [Nix environment selector](https://github.com/arrterian/nix-env-selector) plugin for VSCode.
```

  - follow instructions on https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes#Enable_flakes
- (Optional) install [`direnv`](https://direnv.net)

# Project structure
- The structure of the project is dictated by the tools we are using, namely Nix and Cabal. This repository is both a Nix flake and a Cabal package and as such contains the following folders/files:

>   - [`app/`](/app): Contains Haskell source for an executable that can be built and run by `cabal run`. It does not do anything meaningful at the moment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [`app/`](/app): Haskell source code for an executable that can be built and run by `cabal run`.
```

It does not do anything right now, but we'd have to update it once it does, and I'll bet we'd forget that.

>   - [`src/`](/src): Haskell library folder, each file inside is a Haskell module providing functions-

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [`src/`](/src): Haskell library folder, each file inside is a Haskell module.
```

>   - [`test/`](/test) : Contains Haskell source for an executable that is built and run by `cabal test`, used to test the functions defined in `src/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [`test/`](/test): Haskell source code for an executable that is built and run by `cabal test`, used to test the functions defined in `src/`.
```

>   - [`CHANGELOG.md`](CHANGELOG.md): This file will only become relevant in case of a release.

Reviewer 2: Since it's rarely relevant anyway, we could move it to the end. I prefer sorting by relevance, but I agree that it may be harder to understand because the directory listing is usually alphabetical, so I don't insist on changing the order.

>   - [`flake.nix`](flake.nix): This is a [Nix flake](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) providing dependencies for the project, namely GHC and Cabal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [`flake.nix`](flake.nix): This is a [Nix flake](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) providing dependencies for the project.
```

The details may change, and there is no point maintaining them in prose.

  - [`flake.lock`](flake.lock): File specifying the exact versions of dependencies, created by the [`nix flake lock`](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix3-flake-lock.html) command. 
  - [`LICENSE`](LICENSE): The Apache 2.0 license.
  - [`riscvs-hs.cabal`](riscvs-hs.cabal): Cabal [package description](https://cabal.readthedocs.io/en/3.4/cabal-package.html).

>   - [`shell.nix`](shell.nix): For compatibility with non-flake-enabled Nix versions and tools requiring .nix files, such as the [Nix environment selector](https://github.com/arrterian/nix-env-selector) plugin for VSCode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [`shell.nix`](shell.nix): For compatibility with Nix without flakes, as well as other tools.
```

The details may change. Don't think "non-flake-enabled" is an actual word.

Reviewer: Let's explain how to connect VSCode with the Nix shell in a separate section, perhaps "Notes", "FAQ", or "Tips and tricks".
